com/vaporstream/android_codetest/BR.java
 com.vaporstream.android_codetest.BR
androidx/databinding/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBinderMapperImpl
com/vaporstream/android_codetest/di/modules/RetrofitModule_ProvideOkHttpClientFactory.java
 com.vaporstream.android_codetest.di.modules.RetrofitModule_ProvideOkHttpClientFactory
com/vaporstream/android_codetest/generated/callback/OnClickListener.java
 com.vaporstream.android_codetest.generated.callback.OnClickListener
 com.vaporstream.android_codetest.generated.callback.OnClickListener$Listener
androidx/databinding/library/baseAdapters/BR.java
 androidx.databinding.library.baseAdapters.BR
androidx/databinding/DataBindingComponent.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBindingComponent
com/vaporstream/android_codetest/DataBindingTriggerClass.java
 com.vaporstream.android_codetest.DataBindingTriggerClass
com/vaporstream/android_codetest/di/modules/RetrofitModule_ProvideRetrofitFactory.java
 com.vaporstream.android_codetest.di.modules.RetrofitModule_ProvideRetrofitFactory
com/vaporstream/android_codetest/BuildConfig.java
 com.vaporstream.android_codetest.BuildConfig
com/vaporstream/android_codetest/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 com.vaporstream.android_codetest.DataBinderMapperImpl
 com.vaporstream.android_codetest.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerBrLookup
 com.vaporstream.android_codetest.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerLayoutIdLookup
com/vaporstream/android_codetest/database/UserDatabase_Impl.java
 com.vaporstream.android_codetest.database.UserDatabase_Impl
 com.vaporstream.android_codetest.database.UserDatabase_Impl$1
com/vaporstream/android_codetest/database/UserDatabaseDao_Impl.java
 com.vaporstream.android_codetest.database.UserDatabaseDao_Impl
 com.vaporstream.android_codetest.database.UserDatabaseDao_Impl$1
 com.vaporstream.android_codetest.database.UserDatabaseDao_Impl$2
com/vaporstream/android_codetest/di/modules/StatesModule_ProvideStatesWorkFactory.java
 com.vaporstream.android_codetest.di.modules.StatesModule_ProvideStatesWorkFactory
com/vaporstream/android_codetest/viewmodel/user/UserViewModel_MembersInjector.java
 com.vaporstream.android_codetest.viewmodel.user.UserViewModel_MembersInjector
com/vaporstream/android_codetest/databinding/ActivityResultsBindingImpl.java
 com.vaporstream.android_codetest.databinding.ActivityResultsBindingImpl
com/vaporstream/android_codetest/viewmodel/main/MainActivityViewModel_MembersInjector.java
 com.vaporstream.android_codetest.viewmodel.main.MainActivityViewModel_MembersInjector
com/vaporstream/android_codetest/di/modules/UserModule_ProvideUserRepositoryFactory.java
 com.vaporstream.android_codetest.di.modules.UserModule_ProvideUserRepositoryFactory
com/vaporstream/android_codetest/di/modules/StatesModule_ProvideStatesFactory.java
 com.vaporstream.android_codetest.di.modules.StatesModule_ProvideStatesFactory
com/vaporstream/android_codetest/di/modules/WorkerModule_ProvideWorkManagerFactory.java
 com.vaporstream.android_codetest.di.modules.WorkerModule_ProvideWorkManagerFactory
com/vaporstream/android_codetest/worker/GetStatesWorker_MembersInjector.java
 com.vaporstream.android_codetest.worker.GetStatesWorker_MembersInjector
com/vaporstream/android_codetest/repository/UserRepositoryImpl_MembersInjector.java
 com.vaporstream.android_codetest.repository.UserRepositoryImpl_MembersInjector
com/vaporstream/android_codetest/databinding/ActivityResultsBinding.java
 com.vaporstream.android_codetest.databinding.ActivityResultsBinding
com/vaporstream/android_codetest/di/modules/UserModule_ProvideUserDatabaseDaoFactory.java
 com.vaporstream.android_codetest.di.modules.UserModule_ProvideUserDatabaseDaoFactory
com/vaporstream/android_codetest/di/modules/StatesModule_ProvideStateInterfaceFactory.java
 com.vaporstream.android_codetest.di.modules.StatesModule_ProvideStateInterfaceFactory
com/vaporstream/android_codetest/worker/InsertUserWorker_MembersInjector.java
 com.vaporstream.android_codetest.worker.InsertUserWorker_MembersInjector
com/vaporstream/android_codetest/di/modules/UserModule_ProvideUserWorkerInputDataFactory.java
 com.vaporstream.android_codetest.di.modules.UserModule_ProvideUserWorkerInputDataFactory
com/vaporstream/android_codetest/di/DaggerApplicationComponent.java
 com.vaporstream.android_codetest.di.DaggerApplicationComponent
 com.vaporstream.android_codetest.di.DaggerApplicationComponent$1
 com.vaporstream.android_codetest.di.DaggerApplicationComponent$Builder
com/vaporstream/android_codetest/di/modules/StatesModule_ProvideGetStatesRequestIdFactory.java
 com.vaporstream.android_codetest.di.modules.StatesModule_ProvideGetStatesRequestIdFactory
com/vaporstream/android_codetest/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.vaporstream.android_codetest.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/vaporstream/android_codetest/view/main/MainActivity_MembersInjector.java
 com.vaporstream.android_codetest.view.main.MainActivity_MembersInjector
com/vaporstream/android_codetest/di/modules/UserModule_ProvideUidFactory.java
 com.vaporstream.android_codetest.di.modules.UserModule_ProvideUidFactory
com/vaporstream/android_codetest/databinding/ActivityMainBindingImpl.java
 com.vaporstream.android_codetest.databinding.ActivityMainBindingImpl
 com.vaporstream.android_codetest.databinding.ActivityMainBindingImpl$1
 com.vaporstream.android_codetest.databinding.ActivityMainBindingImpl$2
 com.vaporstream.android_codetest.databinding.ActivityMainBindingImpl$3
 com.vaporstream.android_codetest.databinding.ActivityMainBindingImpl$4
 com.vaporstream.android_codetest.databinding.ActivityMainBindingImpl$5
 com.vaporstream.android_codetest.databinding.ActivityMainBindingImpl$6
 com.vaporstream.android_codetest.databinding.ActivityMainBindingImpl$7
 com.vaporstream.android_codetest.databinding.ActivityMainBindingImpl$8
